>> Will Sentance: Yeah, question was,
any learning materials that I recommend?
Well, of course, I have to say,
if you want to explore one of the most
interesting parts of deep learning,
deep learning being, lots and
lots of layers of weights,
neural networks with lots of layers.
But in extension, machine learning.
And particularly a groundbreaking part
of it that's used a lot in things like
autonomous vehicle development.
And as I say,
if you haven't been in a Waymo yet,
raise your hand if you've been in a Waymo.
Yeah, it's great fun.
And after two rides with no driver,
you get very used to it.
But initially, anyway,
that uses a technique,
deep reinforcement learning,
that is, actually there's a book
on it by the co-founder of Codesmith,
Alex Zai from Manning.
That of course, I have to recommend,
practical applications of it.
But if you're looking to explore from
more foundational first principles,
it's a very practical application
approach, that book So
that's also a serious recommendation,
as a plug for co-founder of Codesmith.
But if you're looking instead for
actually, I think, the best tools to build
out the mental models that would
empower you as software engineers,
I always recommend the Grokking series.
I believe, also from Manning,
they are phenomenal.
I absolutely love them,
I'd love to write one myself one day.
They're not all perfect, but
they're about building out mental
models of many of these areas.
I think I read the neural networks
one about seven years ago, and
those mental models still, or
it was the deep learning one,
those models still sit with
me with great clarity today.
And so, I absolutely love, they have
one for algorithms, they have one for
machine learning, they have one for
neural networks or deep learning,
I can't remember which one they called it.
But for this, for neural networks,
the one for machine learning,
which is anything from decision trees
to other techniques, regression,
gradient boosting, other techniques.
And as I said, they have one for
neural networks.
I can't remember if it's called
neural networks or deep learning, but
it's a grokking series.
Without a shadow of the doubt,
my favorite set of books.
And also,
always good is 3Blue1Brown on YouTube.
The brilliant Stanford math grad,
or Caltech math grad,
brilliant communicator,
incredible visualizations,
always have complex algorithms, has a lot
of fun visualizations of neural networks.
Definitely more on the math heavy side,
tends to assume you're pretty confident
with calculus and with linear algebra.
Maybe more calculus and
linear algebra, but still,
nevertheless, relatively accessible.
Where to go next with all of this?
Get building with code and
now with models.
Prediction, machine learning AI models
in software engineering has changed
what we can tackle with code.
When I spoke to the Global Head
of AI at a 5,000-person law firm,
their words were,
we will not be hiring as many lawyers,
we have a new, lawyers have a very
post-college standard route.
They said,
we have a new version of that for
our technologists, for
our lawyer software engineers.
At Codesmith, we've had multiple people go
off and become legal software engineers.
Where the job description said,
must have JD,
must have done law degree,
and be software engineer.
This is the burgeoning space, whole new
domains where previously you could build
a tool for a law firm, but it was
not gonna be providing legal advice.
Because you couldn't make predictions
about complex data, like human language.
Now you can, it does not mean
it's always gonna be easy,
and that's why you want the right
leaders doing it, but it's emerging,
health, climate, all these areas,
climate modeling.
Software engineers,
with the help of our collaborators,
data scientists, ML engineers,
are at the heart of turning these models
into products that actually
solve people's problems.
So recognize what makes you
great at building with code.
It's your flexibility and
your underlying capacities.
That means, integrate what in the end,
are these core mental models.
It doesn't go really beyond that core idea
of sample to population via generalization
using model, but the incredible
complexity with it is fascinating.
But remember, we're about to have
a whole bunch of new domains be,
I don't know,
have software enter their core.
That makes you even more important,
where you send to your problem-solving
ability to flexibly figure out how to
get there, whatever the tools are.
And your technical communication, ability
to bring others along with you, including
folk who are suddenly going, shoot, I'm
giving legal advice via a software tool.
This matters that you do this the right
way, especially your flexibility,
because the tools are gonna change.
It may be LangChain this year,
to integrate in production
some of these models, but
it definitely may not be next year.
And that's gonna be the rapid
change of the years ahead.
So remember your edge is your
flexibility to problem-solve and
communicate these complex ideas.
Next steps, investigate the development of
machine learning models as we've
done here from first principles.
Building out a neural network from
scratch, building out decision trees from
scratch, investigating from first
principles of sample and generalization.
That's data exploration, understanding
the nature of it, standardizing it,
and then prototyping models.
And then,
experiment with deploying those models in
production, very engineering-oriented.
And the tools that
are available to scale that and
integrate with your builds in
your engineering careers ahead.
It has been wonderful having you here,
great job everybody.
Thank you, and good night.
>> [APPLAUSE]